---
toc: true
comments: true
layout: post
title: Innovation - Using Objects Points
description: Don't do it alone.  4 person grading.
permalink: /points/2
image: /images/points.jpeg
categories: [tri1]
---

## Points will be awarded on these three key elements

### Code.org  
> Individuals show evidence of completing Code.org through Section 15 or beyond.  Create a Fastpages blog complete with Screen Grabs that highlight key learnings.
- Discuss creating and Using Objects
- Discuss extends

### Java Using Objects and PBL design
> Background.  Build a new Console or Desktop GUI lab showing an area of interest between you and your pair or even as 4s.  Focus is using a the Java Math Class, Planning, and Creating.
- In planning, the Teacher views Java as a backend language.  So, the Console or Desktop UI could be used to serve as an administrative UI for backend developers.  
- Ultimately, for Trimester 1  N@tM final we will be building a Web frontend using the foundation provide by Fastpages.  IMO, the best option for an Administrative UI would be Java using Spring/Spring Boot;  but we may need something more rapid and centralized on Java.

> Action.  Build a rapid Java based Administrative UI thinking about Math class and Math operations as a focus.  A positive, would be starting to build something that you might be interested in for the Trimester N@tM final.  
    - Make a Console application to visualize data from something like Math, Physics, using Jupyter Notebook and Scanner.
    - Make a Java Swing App and explore making a menu with a couple of unique interfaces showing different types of Math Calculators.
    - Idea of your choice

### Live Grading Presentation.  
> Each individual needs to perform their own work. However, I would like to see a plan that show you worked with Pair and/or Team.  The presentation can be according to your own style, but consider the following...
- Note.  A Live Review is expecting students to drive dialog and questions.  Additionally, learn that Teacher likes: questions, discussion of failures, showing a progressive mindset.
- Individual.  Blogging or Issues that highlights key learnings and takeaways from Code.org
- Pair/Team.  Blogging or Issues that shows Math Library Project / Or Idea of Choice
    - A shared repository, team or pair.  My suggestion is using Spring Portfolio project as template, as this is the start to a backend project.   In my projects, I have placed "hacks" directory inside of Spring project and it has worked fine.  Later you may want to expand on ideas and make them serviceable via APIs.
    - Issues or Blog that show you have planned to divide up work between pair and team
    - Jupyter notebook or Posts that highlights key code requirements, consideration should be made to find or run it quickly.
- Review and Review Ticket. 
    - Every time requirements.
        - Create Comment in this Points Blog.  Include crossover grades, crossover comments, and blog(s) used during week.
        - Be prepared to present fast, be clear, and show everything in under 5 minutes.  3.5 minutes is preferred time for 4 people.
        - Jupyter Notebooks contain comments and markdown cells that describe work.
        - Output of Jupyter Notebook is required when posting the Blog.